{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 1. \ul General Layout of progression:\ulnone\b0\par
\tab Basically the game will consist of different "rings" that you progress through. The player will start in the overworld and will progress through the game as usual. They will start at 0,0 and will have a 10kx10k island to explore. At the edge of this island will be an ocean that will extend from surface to bedrock. They will not be able to progress through this ocean until they obtain an item which will require items from the end.\par
\tab The nether will progress much the same way. As 1.16 will be out by then, the terrain will take advantage of the new biomes.\par
\tab The end however will be different. It will only consist of the main island. The outer end islands will be disabled completely and will be replaced with custom ones. \par
\tab After defeating the dragon, the player will be able to craft an item that will allow them to pass through the ocean to the next overworld ring. This ring will be far more dangerous than the overworld, and will feature new ores and resources. These resources will be needed to cross the nether ocean to reach its next ring.\par
\tab The nether ring will be increadibally hostile, and will only be survivable with stong gear and weapons. In this ring, there will again be ores and resources to collect, along with a boss that needs to be defeated in order to progress to the end outer ring.\par
\tab The end outer ring will be the most hostile yet, as it will consist of mainly islands. Here, the player will need to collect resources along with defeating two bosses. (One for now; the second will be for the dimension access)\par
\tab After defeating the final boss, the player will be able to access a new dimension. This can be added later as it is merely an extension.\par
\tab Essentailly, I envision it to where you would be able to play vanilla minecraft and not even notice that you had mods installed more or less. For a working pack name, lets go with the "Amulets of Infinity" until we come up with a better one. We may even be able to encorperate existing mods into this, so keep that in mind.\par
\b 2. \ul Overworld Layout:\ulnone\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Starting Island:\ulnone\b0                                                                                                                                              The overworld will be standard overworld, although I would like to encorperate a biomes o plenty type mod to spice up the terrain gen. I would also like ruined structures such as houses or forts to spawn (think the ruins mod). Progression will be the same as vanilla minecraft, but I would like to tweak it slightly. It needs to be slighly difficult to where its not too easy but at the same time not too tedious. See 2A for ideas. I would also like to encourage villager trading, as I think it would be a good idea to add that into the progression, even maybe going as far as to make it manditory.  See 2B for how we might do that. The overworld ocean needs to be hostile and hard to cross. See 2C for ideas. In order to cross the overworld ocean, see 2D.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b Overworld Ring\ulnone : "The Corrupt Lands"\tab\tab  \tab\tab\tab                          \b0 The first ring that the player reaches will be basically a corrupted verison of the overwold. They will not require the amulet to explore it. However, there will be little to explore as this langd will be highly overgrown and will contain no structures other than ancient ruins. It will have corrupted versions of vanilla overworld ores, along with a couple unique ones. See overworld ring materials for ideas. It will also contain corrupted versions of mobs, which will be more hostile and dangerous than the vanilla ones. See overworld ring entities for ideas. The player will need to collect these new materials in order to be able to progress to the nether ring.  The ring will be roughly 1000 blocks wide, with the exterior being surrounded by an endless ocean. (we could maybe put a wall of diamonds or some shit out at 1M blocks for the uber retards or something)\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b To make the game more challenging:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 Wooden tools and stone tools are replaced with flint tools that can mine iron\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Seasons are implemented to nerf crop and food growing\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1        \b B.   \ul For villager trading:  \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 Villager trading items are needed to craft the overworld ring\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 or you need the "Hero of the Village" achievment to cross the overworld ocean\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone        C.   \ul For a hostile ocean:\ulnone\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 The player recieves a constant blindness and poison effect too strong to be countered by golden apples\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 The water damages them if they fall in\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 A mob will attack them as well\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 The ocean will be 300 blocks wide, and will streach from bedrock to the surface\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0        \b D. \ul To cross the overworld ocean:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 The player will go by boat\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 They will require an amulet to cross without effects\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 The amulet will be crafted using the dragon egg and dragons breath, along with a nether star. The player will also need the "Hero of the Village" acheivment to be able to craft it or something similar. I am thinking it should be called "The Amulet of Scultari". It will have infinite durability and be immune to fire and lava damage so you cant lose it to falling in lava. It will also not be able to despawn. \ul\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 To get back and fourth quickly, the player can use a waystone type system; the stones of which will only be obtainable through villager trades\ul\b\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone Overworld ring materials:\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Ores: No vanilla overworld ores spawn\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Rose gold\ulnone : Used in part to make the nether amulet; rare\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Wrought Iron:\ulnone  Slightly better than iron; common\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Lignite Coal\ulnone : Same as normal coal\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Sapphire\ulnone : Used for decoration and divining rod; rare\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Bauxite\ulnone : Combined with Wrought Iron to make a powerful alloy that is almost as strong as Ruby called "Ferroallide"; common\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ruby\ulnone : Used to craft nether amulet; rare\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Sulpher: Can be used as redstone and needed to craft divining rod\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1       B.    \b Items:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \ul The Amulet of Scultari\ulnone : Crafted with dragon egg in middle, three dragons breath on top, a nether star underneath the egg, and 4 emeralds in the other slots\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ruby Tools and Weapons\ulnone : Ruby sword will deal 12 damage and will be enchantable\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ruby Armor\ulnone : enchantable; gives you 2 extra absorbsion hearts; regen over time\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ferroallide tools and weapons\ulnone : Sword will deal 11 damage and wont be enchantable \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ferroallide Armor\ulnone : Non-enchantable\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Rod of Divination\ulnone : Used to find ruby, rose gold, sapphire, and ancient debree; crafted using nether star; 50 durability and tells player distance from nearest of three ore types; can be repaired using sappire and anvil\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Slime Boots\ulnone : Crafted with a saphire; prevent fall damage\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Cocain\ulnone : Crafted with sulfur and sugar; makes you unkillable for 30 seconds and then leaves you on 1 heart\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Blast Pickaxe\ulnone : Uses sulfur to mine a 3x3 area; 1800 durability; crafted with ruby\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Blast axe\ulnone : Uses sulfer to fell a tree; crafted with saphire\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Amulet of Vulcanus\ulnone : Crafted with one of each of the three overworld ring gem blocks on the top row, a warding beacon in the middle, and Ferroallide ingots filling in the rest of the space; used to cross nether ocean; same aspects as overworld amulet; also provides immunity to wither damage\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1       \b C.    Blocks:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Marble\ulnone : Will replace diorite spawn; building material\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Gneiss:\ulnone  Will replace andesite spawn; building material\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Breccia\ulnone : Will replace granite spawn; building material\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Siltstone\ulnone : Will replace sandstone spawn; building material\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Warding Beacon\ulnone : Crafted with Ruby and fueled by saphire; prevents mobs from spawning in a 31x31 area\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Alloy Forge\ulnone : Used to craft Ferroallide; craft with blast furnace in middle surrounded by 4 blocks of iron and 4 brick blocks; runs only on lignite coal\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Stone will remain the same\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Wood types will remain the same\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Sand and gravel will remain the same\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ALL NEW STONE TYPES WILL HAVE ACCOMPYNING WALLS, SLABS, ETC.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b        2. Overworld ring entities:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Draken\ulnone : Mob that spawns in inter-ring ocean; deals 50 dmg each hit; spawns when player is 30 blocks into ocean and despawns after they leave/die; can fly too\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}standard vanilla mobs; increased spawn rate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 3: Nether Layout:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Starting island:\ulnone                                                                                                                                            \b0 The starting nether island will play exacly like the vanilla nether. It will be 10kx10k like the overworld island and will be surrounded by a gaint lava ocean. There will be a thin layer of netherrack on the cieling to hide the bedrock above the ocean. Players will not be able to use this however as the ocean environment will prevent them from surviving for long. See 3A for effects. To cross the ocean, see 3B.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b Nether Ring\ulnone :  "Den of Hades"                                                                                                                                            \b0 The nether ring will be incredibally dangerous. It will be jagged terrain with lava flows and hostile mobs. Only hostile nether mobs will spawn, along with two custom mobs. See nether entities for details. This ring will have 4 unique ores that the player will need to harvest, along with its own glowstone type. See nether ring materials for details. The player. along with collecting these ores, will need to fight a boss located in dungeons around the ring. See nether entities for details. Combining the resources and the boss drop, they will be able to craft an amulet that allows them to go to the end ring. This ring will too be 1000 blocks wide and will have an endless lava ocean on the exterior side.\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b The nether ocean will be composed of lava extending from the surface to bedrock. Its effects will be:\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Constant fire damage, thorns damage, and blindness\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A mob attacking the player\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}it will be 300 block wide\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b         B.  \ul To cross the nether ocean:\ulnone\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 The player will need The Amulet of Vulcanus to avoid the effects and mob\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}They will cross with a netherrite boat as striders will be unable to cross the ocean\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The same waystone mechanic can be applied to this as well\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}the player will also have needed to visit a piglin dungeon as the netherrite boar will require a snout banner as a sail\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Nether Ring Materials\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Ores:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Rose Quartz\ulnone : Building material and crafting material; common\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Black Jade\ulnone : used to craft various items;not a tool/armor component;rare\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Cobalt\ulnone : combined with nickel; semi-rare\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Nickel\ulnone : combined with cobalt  and Ferroallide to form demon steel; common\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Cobra Stone\ulnone : Glowstone varient in nether ring; decoration and crafting component\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1         \b B. Items:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Demonic Rod of Divination\ulnone : can find black jade and cobalt plus previous rod ores; place Rod of divination in middle, three black jade on top row, two blocks of Demon Steel either side the rod, and 3 cobra stone blocks on the bottom row; has 75 durability and can be repaired with black jade in an anvil\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Infernal Pickaxe\ulnone : Uses blaze powder as fuel; mines and smelts a 3x3 area; crafted with black jade\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Ring of Demonic Power\ulnone : Item magnet; found only in boss dungeons\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Demonic Tools/Weapons\ulnone : Sword does 14 damage\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Demonic Armor\ulnone : Grants 4 absorbtion hearts, no fall damage, and fire resistance with full set\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Cobra Torches\ulnone : Same as torch; crafted with cobra stone\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Head of Arconis\ulnone : Item dropped from killing boss; used to craft "Amulet of Telik\'f3s"\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Blazepack\ulnone : Used to fly; runs on blaze powder; found in boss dungeons; infinite durability\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Amulet of Telik\'f3s\ulnone : Amulet to traverse the end; crafted with three arconis heads, a block of black jade, and 5 end stone\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0         \b C. Blocks:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Basalt\ulnone : will replace soul sand spawn; building material\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Scoria\ulnone : building material; used for boss dungeon; found only at boss dungeon\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Diabase\ulnone : building material; used for boss dungeon; spawns naturally as well\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Demonic Warding Beacon\ulnone : Upgraded form of warding beacon; runs on black jade; prevents mobs from spawing in a 51x51 area\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Hellfire Furnace\ulnone : Furnace that never runs out of fuel as long as it has lava below it; same speed as blast furnace for all items; can instasmelt for 15s if fed black jade\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 netherrack and magma blocks will remain\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 all new blocks will have respective slabs, stairs, etc.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0         \b 2. Nether entities\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Lava Serpant\ulnone : mob guarding lava ocean; deals 70 damage per hit along with fire damage\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Enraged Blaze\ulnone : first custom mob; bigger than blaze; deals 10 damage per projectile; rare spawn\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Corrupted Pigman\ulnone : permanantly hostile zombie pigman; bigger and more health; deals same damage as zombie pigman; uncommon spawn\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b0 Arconis\ulnone : Nether boss; head needed for end amulet; gaurenteed drop for head; dungeon uncommon, but has good loot \b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 hostile nether mobs will spawn at an increased rate\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 no passive/neutral mobs will spawn\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul 4: End Layout:\ulnone\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Starting Island\ulnone :                                                                                                                                          \b0 The end island will be the same except for the fact that no portal to the outer islands will spawn when the player kills the dragon. The player will need to collect end stone, several bottles of dragon's breath, and the dragon egg. The end ocean will be void with open air. See 4A for effects. The player will need to cross it to reach the end ring. See 4B for how to do this\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul\b End Ring\ulnone\b0 :                                                                                                                                                            The end ring will essentailly consist of the outer end islands but with modified biomes and dugeons. It will contain two new ores. See end ring materials for details. The player will need to collect it to do several things. The modified biomes will also contain new building materials. The player will need to fight one boss. The boss will be located at each of the 4 cardinal directions. See end ring entities for details. Along with the modified terrain, the ring will contain two custom mobs. Furthermore, end cities will still spawn. Exterior will be surrounded by endless void.\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 A.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnucltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b For the end ring ocean:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 The ocean will be void an will only be able to be crossed with the blazepack\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It will destroy any blocks placed in it\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It will have no mobs \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It will deal wither and blindness damage without the amulet\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It will be 300 blocks wide\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1        \ul\b  B. To cross the end ring ocean:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 The player will need the Amulet of Telik\'f3s\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}They will need to fly with the blazepack to get across\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}the same waystone system will apply\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b End Ring Resources:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1         A. Ores:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Pink Topaz\ulnone : crafting component; spawns under end island; common\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Purpurite\ulnone : crafting component; spawns on top of end island; rare\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1         \b B. Items:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b0 Amulet of Ultimate Power\ulnone : combination of all three amulets; grants creative flight plus all other immunities granted by previous amulets; is soulbound to wearer; needs boss drop to craft as well\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Ring of Telos\ulnone : Linked to users waystone network; allows to teleport between different waystones; only found in boss dungeon; fueled by ender pearls; soulbound\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Sword of Chaos\ulnone : Crafted using pink topaz and purpurite; deals 40 damage; unbreakable and soulbound to user\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Claw of Nimon\ulnone : Drop from boss; used to craft amulet\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Worldbreaker\ulnone : Mines togglable 1x1, 3x3, or 5x5 area; unbreakable; soulbound to user; crafted using insanium, which is a combination of all the gems and ingots from the game\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Insanium Ingot\ulnone : Used to craft worldbreaker; combination of all ingots and gems in game\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Divinging Rod of Infinite Power\ulnone : Crafted using insanium ingots upgrading Demoic Rod of Divining; can find any ore in game; unbreakable; soulbound to user\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Pink Topaz Apple\ulnone : God Apple of God Apples; requires notch apple to craft\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1        \b  C. Resources: \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Aside from new end biome blocks, nothing\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}end stone still spawns the same\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1         \b 2. End Ring Entities:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Nimon\ulnone : End boss; drop is used for crafting\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul End Slime\ulnone : End variant of slime; teleports player short distance when attacking; semi-rare spawn\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Enraged Enderman\ulnone : Variant of enderman; has 60 health and is always hostile; semi-rare spawn\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Normal enderman spawn rates\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 